Kubernetes enabled and user/groups advisory (#12120)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/kubernetes-access/confirm-k8s.mdx

<Details
title="Confirm Kubernetes is enabled in Teleport"
scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}
scopeOnly={true}
opened={true}
>

> Confirm the `Kubernetes` status is `enabled` within the cluster and the user has Kubernetes groups

Reviewer: I think this could use a short introductory sentence/phrase for why we're confirming this information. 

For example, "Teleport Kubernetes Access must be enabled before you can use this guide. Confirm that..."

> Confirm the `Kubernetes` status is `enabled` within the cluster and the user has Kubernetes groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirm that `tsh status` shows `Kubernetes:enabled` and the user has Kubernetes groups
```
To make this a bit more explicit

or users assigned.

```code
$ tsh status
 Profile URL:        https://teleport.example.com:443
  Logged in as:       bob
  Cluster:            teleport.example.com
  Roles:              access,editor
  Logins:             bob
  Kubernetes:         enabled
  Kubernetes groups:  developer
  Valid until:        2022-04-20 22:39:15 -0400 EDT [valid for 12h0m0s]
  Extensions:         permit-X11-forwarding, permit-agent-forwarding, permit-port-forwarding, permit-pty
```

> If Kubernetes is `disabled` then the `kube_listen_addr` needs setting within the `proxy_service` as below. Restart

Reviewer 2: "needs setting" sounds awkward here. I would suggest rewording this.

the Teleport process after setting this. 

```yaml
proxy_service:
  enabled: true
  kube_listen_addr: 0.0.0.0:3026
```

> See the [Teleport Kubernetes Access Controls](/docs/kubernetes-access/controls) for configuring Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Teleport Kubernetes Access Controls](/docs/kubernetes-access/controls) guide for configuring Kubernetes
```

RBAC to Teleport roles if the user has no `Kubernetes groups` or `Kubernetes users`.

</Details>
<Details

> title="Confirm User has Kubernetes access"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title="Confirm that your user has Kubernetes access"
```
Small grammar tweak

scope={["cloud"]}
scopeOnly={true}
opened={true}
>

> The Teleport user accessing the Kubernetes cluster will need to be assigned Kubernetes groups

Reviewer: Other text in this guide is addressed to "you" the reader. I think this paragraph should be as well.

> The Teleport user access the Kubernetes cluster will need Kubernetes groups or users
> to connect to the Kubernetes cluster as.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Teleport user accessing the Kubernetes cluster will need to be assigned Kubernetes groups
or users that they can use to make requests to the Kubernetes cluster.
```

```code
$ tsh status
 Profile URL:        https://example.teleport.sh:443
  Logged in as:       bob
  Cluster:            example.teleport.sh
  Roles:              access,editor
  Logins:             bob
  Kubernetes:         enabled
  Kubernetes groups:  developer
  Valid until:        2022-04-20 22:39:15 -0400 EDT [valid for 12h0m0s]
  Extensions:         permit-X11-forwarding, permit-agent-forwarding, permit-port-forwarding, permit-pty
```

> See the [Teleport Kubernetes Access Controls](/docs/kubernetes-access/controls) for configuring Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Teleport Kubernetes Access Controls](/docs/kubernetes-access/controls) guide for configuring Kubernetes
```
